README.md, before:

# FLL-2020
This file is the ultimate guide to most of the tech used in Power Scare's 2020-21 season.

## Discord

By Zach  
There are two ways to ascess discord; Online, and the app. This guide will cover both.

Online
1. Go to [this link](https://discord.com/registration), and you can go to step 4.  

App
1. Follow [this link](https://discord.com/download) to download Discord on your device. 
2. This should give you a file called DiscordSetup.exe. Click "Save File" and press "Run".
3. Follow all other prompts, and then go to step 4.  

> The two instruction guides merge here

4. Create an account, and fill out all of the prompts. (If you're under 13, put in a birthdate above 13)
5. Follow this invite link to the Discord!

## Extensions
#### EV3 Micropython

By Zach

1. In order to acess the library, you must first download Visual Studio Code. Download it [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/). If you're not on Windows, click on choose your platform, and find what you're using.
2. Click on "save file" on Windows and click "run".
3. Follow all prompts, and then you should have Visual Studio Code downloaded!
4. Open it and now we're ready to install the extension that allows you to connect to the EV3 brick. Go to [this link](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lego-education.ev3-micropython), and click install. Click "Don't show this window" on the "This extension requires Visual Studio Code", then click on "open link".
5. Now you should be directed to an install page for the software. Click on install. Now you should have EV3 python all set up on you computer!
#### LiveShare
By Alex

1. If you haven't already downloaded Visual Studio Code, you should do [that](https://code.visualstudio.com/) now.
2. Click on the extensions button on the left (it has 4 squares), and type "Live Share" into the search bar.
3. Find "Microsoft Visual Studio Live Share", and click install.

## Cloning the Repository
By Alex

1. If you already have a github account, you can skip to step 2. Otherwise, you need to create a github account. Begin by going to [Github.com](https://github.com), and clicking "Sign Up". Fill out the necessary fields, and give Andrew your username so that he can invite you to edit the repository.
2. Now you need to download "Github Desktop". You can do this by going to [desktop.github.com](https://desktop.github.com/), and clicking download.
3. Open Github Desktop, and sign in.
4. Click the button at the top left that says "Current Repository", and click add. Select "Clone Repository"
5. In "Filter Your Repositories", type "FLL-2020". and select "holyokecodes/FLL-2020", and click "Choose..." to select where github will put the repository. When you are done click "Clone".

Commit message:

Making sure that the robot works
also changed "set up on you computer!'

README.md, after:

# FLL-2020
This file is the ultimate guide to most of the tech used in Power Scare's 2020-21 season.

## Discord

By Zach  
There are two ways to ascess discord; Online, and the app. This guide will cover both.

Online
1. Go to [this link](https://discord.com/registration), and you can go to step 4.  

App
1. Follow [this link](https://discord.com/download) to download Discord on your device. 
2. This should give you a file called DiscordSetup.exe. Click "Save File" and press "Run".
3. Follow all other prompts, and then go to step 4.  

> The two instruction guides merge here

4. Create an account, and fill out all of the prompts. (If you're under 13, put in a birthdate above 13)
5. Follow this invite link to the Discord!

## Extensions
#### EV3 Micropython

By Zach

1. In order to acess the library, you must first download Visual Studio Code. Download it [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/). If you're not on Windows, click on choose your platform, and find what you're using.
2. Click on "save file" on Windows and click "run".
3. Follow all prompts, and then you should have Visual Studio Code downloaded!
4. Open it and now we're ready to install the extension that allows you to connect to the EV3 brick. Go to [this link](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lego-education.ev3-micropython), and click install. Click "Don't show this window" on the "This extension requires Visual Studio Code", then click on "open link".
5. Now you should be directed to an install page for the software. Click on install. Now you should have EV3 python all set up on your computer!
6. Just to make sure it works, go to the EV3 Symbol. Click on "explore example projects". Find "Basic Movement" and click on it.
7. Go find a folder for the new file you're making. Click on the 3rd item on the sidebar (the play button with the bug). Now find your robot name in "EV3DEV DEVICE BROWSER" and click on it.
8. Make sure your robot's on a floor/table where it won't bump into anything within 3 feet. Go to the upper right corner where it says download and run and click on it. If your robot's moving, congratulations! EV3 Micropython is now on your computer!
#### LiveShare

By Alex

1. If you haven't already downloaded Visual Studio Code, you should do [that](https://code.visualstudio.com/) now.
2. Click on the extensions button on the left (it has 4 squares), and type "Live Share" into the search bar.
3. Find "Microsoft Visual Studio Live Share", and click install.

## Cloning the Repository
By Alex

1. If you already have a github account, you can skip to step 2. Otherwise, you need to create a github account. Begin by going to [Github.com](https://github.com), and clicking "Sign Up". Fill out the necessary fields, and give Andrew your username so that he can invite you to edit the repository.
2. Now you need to download "Github Desktop". You can do this by going to [desktop.github.com](https://desktop.github.com/), and clicking download.
3. Open Github Desktop, and sign in.
4. Click the button at the top left that says "Current Repository", and click add. Select "Clone Repository"
5. In "Filter Your Repositories", type "FLL-2020". and select "holyokecodes/FLL-2020", and click "Choose..." to select where github will put the repository. When you are done click "Clone".
